---
title: Tea 101
layout: post
author: danielclough
permalink: /tea-101/
tags:
- education
- Immodestea
- Yukino
- Harney
- intro
source-id: 1XmyFXujtZ3zz_krrNZ2ZkG80Ikl4QRL8hh59Oyix4qs
published: false
---
# Course description on Flyer

Join 2 passionate tea educators for Tea 101! 

Daniel Clough of Immodestea, and Yukino Aoshima from Harney and Sons Fine Teas are teaching a comprehensive, two hour, taste based workshop at the Summerlin Library.

Interested in learning about tea but not sure where to start? Since **insert Chinese tea history**, tea was part of people's life and still is. This is your chance to get on the tea boat and sail away. 

This workshop is FREE to attend. During the two hours, Daniel and Yukino will guide you the world of tea. You will get to sample delicious teas hot and iced throughout the course. Plus you will go home with a complimentary The Language of Tea book by Harney and Sons Fine Teas. Please RSVP to ensure there is enough books and teas for all. 

# Tea 101

Tea 101 is a comprehensive introduction to the most popular beverage in the world, after water. We are going to taste a wide variety of tea, as well train you how to prepare and serve the tea both hot and cold.

## About Immodestea

Daniel Clough, a life long tea enthusiast. After so many years of tea bags, to making fresh traditional Spiced Chai in an Ashram kitchen, to discovering the art of Chinese Kungfu Tea while traveling China, to working in the tea Industry - it's been a long journey to find the perfect cup of tea.  
During three years living in China traveling, studying, and working as a translator he began to lead tour groups to the Tea Cities. After returning to the United States and founding Immodestea, Daniel has worked as a Tea Event Planner, Educator, and Brand Ambassador. 

Yukino Aoshima, Las Vegas Representative of Harney and Sons Fine Teas. She grew up between the city and a traditional farming lifestyle. While living in Japan she studied tea at Urasenke, one of the main tea schools in Japan.  After studying Hospitality and Food & Beverage at UNLV she worked in wine for many years before starting to work with Harney and Sons Fine Teas.

She is responsible for helping restaurants to incorporate high quality tea into their menus as well as training staff properly how to brew and serve the many different kinds of tea.



### Online: Harney.Com

### Phone: 1-800-TEA-TIME 

### Local Retail Stores:

* Suzuya Patisserie in Rhodes Ranch

* Saga Pastry + Sandwich in Henderson

* Public Works Coffee Bar in Downtown Henderson

### Restaurants 

* Tao Las Vegas at Venetian

* Sadelle's at Bellagio

* Lamaii in Chinatown

